Added environmental variable PYFLUENT_ADDITIONAL_ARGUMENTS (#2028)
ansys/pyfluent: doc/source/user_guide/launching_ansys_fluent.rst

      version="3d",
      mode="solver",
      additional_arguments="-t16 -cnf=m1:8,m2:8",
   )

> Using the PYFLUENT_ADDITIONAL_ARGUMENTS environment variable

Reviewer: I don't think you need this doc here at all unless you want to go through the library and document all the other environment variables that are used for various purposes.

Generally we've not really been documenting them by design, because we don't want to encourage library users to be using them.  i.e. they are kind of meant to be hidden.

Reviewer: In some cases they have a specific uses such as:

- point the library at a local development version of Fluent
- control some specific detail of the CI/CD pipeline that is part of building and testing the library, but not using it

Neither of these things is needed to _use_ the library right. Fundamentally I don't think there should be any behaviour of the _customer facing_ API calls that depend on any environment variable setting.  Environment variables should not be part of an API IMHO.

      version="3d",
      mode="solver",
      additional_arguments="-t16 -cnf=m1:8,m2:8",
   )

Using the PYFLUENT_ADDITIONAL_ARGUMENTS environment variable
------------------------------------------------------------
You can set additional arguments also using this environment variable.
This can be useful when running on multiple platforms, avoiding the need to change the
Python scripts being run.

.. code:: bash

   #!/bin/bash
   #
   # Activate your favorite Python environment
   #
   export AWP_ROOT232=/apps/ansys_inc/v232
   . ./venv/bin/activate
   #
   # Set additional arguments
   #
   export PYFLUENT_ADDITIONAL_ARGUMENTS="-cnf=m1:8,m2:8 -t16 -peth.efa"
   #
   # Run a PyFluent script
   #
   python run.py

> Note: You should omit the additional_arguments option in the launch_fluent function as
> that variable is ignored when using the environmental variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: You should omit the ``additional_arguments`` option in the ``launch_fluent`` function as
that variable is ignored when using the environment variable.
```
Can also remove this point as suggested by Mainak

Author: The note has been removed

> Note: You should omit the additional_arguments option in the launch_fluent function as
> that variable is taken over the environmental variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: You should omit the ``additional_arguments`` option in the ``launch_fluent`` function as
that option overrides what is set in the environment variable.
```

Reviewer 2: Should it be the other way around? Env var overriding what is set in the `launch_fluent` arguments?

Author: I have updated the documentation
